Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud Amazon EC2 is a web service that provides resizable compute capacity in the cloud. It is designed to make web-scale computing easier for developers.  	What is Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud  Amazon EC2
Amazon EC2s simple web service interface allows you to obtain and configure capacity with minimal friction. 	What can I do with Amazon EC2
To sign up for Amazon EC2 click the Sign up for This Web Service button on the Amazon EC2 detail page, You must have an Amazon Web Services account to access this service.	How can I get started with Amazon EC2
Amazon EC2 registration requires you to have a valid phone number and email address on file with AWS in case we ever need to contact you. 	Why am I asked to verify my phone number when signing up for Amazon EC2
Developers are now free to innovate knowing that no matter how successful their businesses become it will be inexpensive and simple to ensure they have the compute capacity they need to meet their business requirements. 	What can developers now do that they could not before
Once you have set up your account and select or create your AMIs you are ready to boot your instance. You can start your AMI on any number of On-Demand instances by using the RunInstances API call. 	How do I run systems in the Amazon EC2 environment
When you launch your Amazon EC2 instances you have the ability to store your root device data on Amazon EBS or the local instance store. By using Amazon EBS data on the root device will persist independently from the lifetime of the instance.	What is the difference between using the local instance store and Amazon Elastic Block Store Amazon EBS for the root device
It typically takes less than 10 minutes from the issue of the RunInstances call to the point where all requested instances begin their boot sequences.	How quickly will systems be running
Amazon EC2 allows you to set up and configure everything about your instances from your operating system up to your applications. An Amazon Machine Image AMI is simply a packaged-up environment that includes all the necessary bits to set up and boot your instance. 	How do I load and store my systems with Amazon EC2
The RunInstances call that initiates execution of your application stack will return a set of DNS names one for each system that is being booted. 	How do I access my systems
Yes Amazon EC2 is used jointly with Amazon S3 for instances with root devices backed by local instance storage. 	Is Amazon EC2 used in conjunction with Amazon S3
You are limited to running up to a total of 20 On-Demand instances across the instance family purchasing 20 Reserved Instances and requesting Spot Instances per your dynamic Spot limit per region. 	How many instances can I run in Amazon EC2
Yes, In order to maintain the quality of Amazon EC2 addresses for sending email we enforce default limits on the amount of email that can be sent from EC2 accounts.	Are there any limitations in sending email from Amazon EC2 instances
